Document pre-commit hook for staged files (#4711)
detekt/detekt: docs/pages/gettingstarted/git-pre-commit-hook.md

A special thanks goes to Mohit Sarveiya for providing this shell script.
You can watch his excellent talk about **Static Code Analysis For Kotlin** on 
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LT6m5_LO2DQ).

## Only run on staged files

It is also possible to use [the CLI](cli.md) to create a hook that only runs on staged files. This has the advantage of speedier execution, by running on fewer files and avoiding the warm-up time of the gradle daemon.

> Please note, however, that a handful of checks will not work correctly with this approach. This is because they require full type resolution - see for example [ElseCaseInsteadOfExhaustiveWhen](https://detekt.dev/potential-bugs.html#elsecaseinsteadofexhaustivewhen). If you do adopt a partial hook, it is recommended that you still implement a full `detekt` check as part of your CI pipeline.

Reviewer: I would link to the Using Type Resolution page here rather than a specific rule

> Hook definition in pre-commit:

Reviewer: Link to pre-commit.com.

Plus please mention that this is pre-commit.com specific. Users might want to use other mechanism to handle their pre commits

A special thanks goes to Mohit Sarveiya for providing this shell script.
You can watch his excellent talk about **Static Code Analysis For Kotlin** on 
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LT6m5_LO2DQ).

## Only run on staged files

It is also possible to use [the CLI](cli.md) to create a hook that only runs on staged files. This has the advantage of speedier execution, by running on fewer files and avoiding the warm-up time of the gradle daemon.

> Please note, however, that a handful of checks will not work correctly with this approach - those that require [type resolution](type-resolution.md). If you do adopt a partial hook, it is recommended that you still implement a full `detekt` check as part of your CI pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note, however, that a handful of checks requiring [type resolution](type-resolution.md) will not work correctly with this approach. If you do adopt a partial hook, it is recommended that you still implement a full `detekt` check as part of your CI pipeline.
```
